Man Utd takeover must speed up for Ten Hag clarity - sources
Manchester United's ownership situation needs a quicker resolution to bring greater clarity to Erik ten Hag's position, numerous sources connected to the club tell BBC Sport.
Diaz's father kidnapped by rebels, says Colombian government
Sri Lanka bowled out for 55 as India reach semis
When politics derailed England's World Cup campaign
Ngannou fight an option for Joshua, says Hearn
Alonso annoyed with rumours of move to Red Bull
Real Madrid want Chelsea's James - Friday's gossip
New research gives picture of Saudi Arabian sports investment
Sutton's Premier League predictions v singer Willie J Healey
I'd pick England's XI over Australia every day - Root
Sakho leaves Montpellier after clash with manager
Texas Rangers clinch maiden World Series title
Time for Nunez or Nketiah? Fantasy football tips
Will you be tempted by Darwin Nunez or Eddie Nketiah? Alistair Bruce-Ball previews gameweek 11.
McIlroy joins Boston but Rahm pulls out of new league
World Cup final referee Barnes announces retirement
England keeper Earps wins Sunday Times award
Fury remains favourite against Usyk - Frampton
Not up to me to help Perez get second - Verstappen
I'm confident I can turn it around - Ten Hag. VideoI'm confident I can turn it around - Ten Hag
Cyclist who lost sight after fast food meal targets Paris Paralympics
After going blind following a rare reaction to food poisoning, cyclist Lizzi Jordan is now aiming for Paralympic success.
Packer & Dow nominated for world player of the year
Australia's Marsh flies home & will miss England match
Sinner withdraws from Paris Masters and Djokovic wins
Williams back from ban for England's final Tonga Test
Wood fight perfect fit for special Cordina - Jones
You can't let fear stop you fighting - Ali
Tough for England to beat Black Ferns in 'own backyard'
England captain Marlie Packer says beating New Zealand in the Black Ferns' own backyard is "tough" but achievable before their final WXV1 game.
Inquest to open into death of ice hockey player Johnson
Chelsea assistant fined for Brentford bench clash
Palace 'optimistic' over new Eze contract - Hodgson
Swiatek beats Gauff to close on WTA Finals last four
Zverev 'fined over allegations he abused ex-girlfriend'
Mead and Chilwell spearhead new mental health initiative
Last chance to vote for BBC Women's Footballer of the Year
Jones, AJ, Wilder, Fury rematch - what next for Ngannou?
'Why should I have any regrets?' - Jones on Australia exit
'Italy was in love - now Vicario is showing Spurs how good he is'
'As much as I saved Worthing, Worthing saved me'
The doctor who played at World Cups in two sports in same year
Meet Rudie van Vuuren, who in 2003 played in both the Rugby World Cup and Cricket World Cup.
The 'little black book' behind every All Black
The 'little guy with skinny arms' who changed basketball
'Even if it's horrible pain, I love it' - the world's wildest trail race
The million-dollar hustle changing US sport
'Incapable' - the woman who raced a lie
One win, 17,000 defeats - life as a Washington General
'The secret's out' - Richards' admission over 2009 defeat. Video'The secret's out' - Richards' admission over 2009 defeat
I deserve to be able to say goodbye to Barcelona - Messi. VideoI deserve to be able to say goodbye to Barcelona - Messi
Villa's Lehmann reveals her secret talent in Unlocked. VideoVilla's Lehmann reveals her secret talent in Unlocked
Is Bellingham England's best ever talent? VideoIs Bellingham England's best ever talent?
'I will not cut my hair to become a manager' Video'I will not cut my hair to become a manager'
Discover: The BBC's best sports podcasts. AudioDiscover: The BBC's best sports podcasts
Find the latest episode of your favourite podcast or discover something a little more different by visiting BBC Sounds' sport podcast listings page.
Football Daily: Euro Leagues - Lyon bus attack & Ballon d’Or debate. AudioFootball Daily: Euro Leagues - Lyon bus attack & Ballon d’Or debate
Tailenders podcast: The Stuart Broad special. AudioTailenders podcast: The Stuart Broad special
All About podcast: The Hannah Cockroft one. AudioAll About podcast: The Hannah Cockroft one
Stumped podcast: Meet the first female coach in the Pakistan Super League. AudioStumped podcast: Meet the first female coach in the Pakistan Super League
Match of the Day Top 10 podcast: Last Minute Goals. AudioMatch of the Day Top 10 podcast: Last Minute Goals
Sporting highlights to look forward to in 2023
The 2023 sporting calendar features World Cups in women's football and men's rugby union as well as men's and women's Ashes cricket series and the Ryder Cup.
More from BBC News
Where and how to watch BBC World News
Premier League top stories
European football news
World Football podcasts
Find out more about our BBC Sport app
Thousands pack streets for South Africa victory tour
South Africa Women lock Lochner joins Harlequins
Gyan ordered to pay compensation to ex-wife
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
YouTube
© 2023 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking. ...
