2023 Ballon d'Or ceremony - plus live text
Watch & follow live text coverage of the 2023 Ballon d'Or ceremony in Paris.
Problems facing Ten Hag - and was Rangnick right about Man Utd?
Afghanistan beat Sri Lanka to stay in top-four race
Who makes Opta's team of the 2023 Rugby World Cup?
Minnesota QB Cousins out for season with injury
Rubiales banned for three years over World Cup kiss
Major search under way in Colombia for Diaz's father
Broncos stun Chiefs and rookie Levis stars on debut
Mainz lift El Ghazi's suspension over Israel-Gaza post
'Questions on Perez future as he fights Hamilton'
Murray smashes racquet after De Minaur loss in Paris
Sabalenka feels 'disrespected' by WTA at Finals
Championship: Coventry v West Brom
Follow live score & text updates from Coventry v West Brom in the Championship.
Stanway says Ballon d'Or clash is 'unfortunate'
Neck guards to be mandatory in English ice hockey
BBC Women's Footballer of the Year 2023: Alexandra Popp profile. VideoBBC Women's Footballer of the Year 2023: Alexandra Popp profile
Semenya focus on 'winning battles' against authorities
What needs to change at Man Utd after derby defeat?
Preparation was the most difficult I've had - Klopp. VideoPreparation was the most difficult I've had - Klopp
The greatest half in history? - 2023 World Cup's memorable moments
A fractured cheekbone, stunning upsets, titanic quarter-finals and a history-making final - the 2023 World Cup had its fair share of unforgettable moments.
Who is back to his predatory best? Garth Crooks' Team of the Week
Magic Johnson declared a billionaire by Forbes
'England fade on night that feels like start of new era'
One-point wonders - best stats from record-breaking South Africa
'Manchester derby demonstrates gulf between clubs'
Mbappe double gives PSG victory at Brest
Police probe ice hockey death as fiancée pays tribute
Fiancée Ryan Wolfe says Adam Johnson - whose neck was cut in a match - was her "sweet angel".
Roma consider Abraham-Lukaku swap - Monday's gossip
Savea wins World Rugby men's player of year award
‘We fought for our brother’ – Klopp dedicates Liverpool win to Diaz
Verstappen wins restarted Mexico City GP after crash
Napoli clinch draw after Giroud double for AC Milan
Fury-Usyk unlikely to happen in December - Warren
'A footballing lesson' - pundits on Manchester derby
'New Zealand wanted the win, South Africa needed it'
'South Africa the greatest team in World Cup history'
Are 'stupendous' Bellingham & record-breaker Kane world's best?
Charlton 'a tower of strength', says Ferguson
The doctor who played at World Cups in two sports in same year
Meet Rudie van Vuuren, who in 2003 played in both the Rugby World Cup and Cricket World Cup.
The 'little black book' behind every All Black
The 'little guy with skinny arms' who changed basketball
'Even if it's horrible pain, I love it' - the world's wildest trail race
The million-dollar hustle changing US sport
'Incapable' - the woman who raced a lie
One win, 17,000 defeats - life as a Washington General
'He'll be one of the greats' - Stam on Bellingham. Video'He'll be one of the greats' - Stam on Bellingham
Wales 'hurting' after heavy New Zealand defeat. VideoWales 'hurting' after heavy New Zealand defeat
Watch: Fury and Ngannou face off at weigh-in. VideoWatch: Fury and Ngannou face off at weigh-in
Pochettino 'not happy' with Christmas Eve fixture. VideoPochettino 'not happy' with Christmas Eve fixture
Sacramento coach laments 'sad day' for USA after Maine shootings. VideoSacramento coach laments 'sad day' for USA after Maine shootings
Discover: The BBC's best sports podcasts. AudioDiscover: The BBC's best sports podcasts
Find the latest episode of your favourite podcast or discover something a little more different by visiting BBC Sounds' sport podcast listings page.
Chequered Flag podcast: Mexico City GP review. AudioChequered Flag podcast: Mexico City GP review
Rugby Union Daily: The World Cup debrief! AudioRugby Union Daily: The World Cup debrief!
Football Daily podcast: Man City give Man Utd a lesson in the derby. AudioFootball Daily podcast: Man City give Man Utd a lesson in the derby
World Cup Daily: More England disappointment as India remain unbeaten. AudioWorld Cup Daily: More England disappointment as India remain unbeaten
5 Live Boxing: Fury beats Ngannou - the debrief. Audio5 Live Boxing: Fury beats Ngannou - the debrief
Sporting highlights to look forward to in 2023
The 2023 sporting calendar features World Cups in women's football and men's rugby union as well as men's and women's Ashes cricket series and the Ryder Cup.
More from BBC News
Where and how to watch BBC World News
Premier League top stories
European football news
World Football podcasts
Find out more about our BBC Sport app
Why Rugby World Cup win means more to South Africa
What SA need to make Cricket World Cup semi-finals
World Cup win will unite South Africa - Kolisi
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
YouTube
© 2023 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking. ...
