'One of the most mind-boggling Premier League games ever'
Tottenham's unbeaten Premier League run came to an end in chaotic fashion but the loss leaves Ange Postecoglou with a mountain of unexpected problems, writes Phil McNulty.
'Yes, you're good enough - but you're a girl'
Bangladesh's actions 'disgraceful', says timed-out Mathews
Chelsea beat nine-man Tottenham in chaotic epic
Arsenal statement on referees 'dangerous' - Neville
'A true captain's performance' - Garth Crooks' Team of the Week
Swiatek wins WTA Finals to take number one spot
Unpacking nine VAR checks in chaotic half of football
Kidnappers want guarantees before releasing Diaz's father
Hermoso received threats amid Rubiales kiss scandal
Haaland a doubt for Man City Champions League tie
'Malicious rumours' on future must stop - Rashford
Mathews' unwanted history - watch unique dismissal, reaction and vote
Sri Lanka's Angelo Mathews becomes the first batter to be timed out in international cricket, but how did it happen, what do the Laws say and what has the reaction been?
Man Utd & Newcastle eye Lyon's Cherki - Tuesday's gossip
Neville appointed Portland Timbers boss in MLS
Luton threaten to ban fans over tragedy chants
Eagles edge Cowboys to earn eighth win
Headway 'concerned' after Maguire concussion incident
Arteta rails against VAR after Newcastle loss. VideoArteta rails against VAR after Newcastle loss
Chelsea boss Hayes' most significant matches in WSL
Chelsea manager Emma Hayes has had a number of memorable moments during her 11-year career at the club, but which games have been her biggest? BBC Sport selects a top five.
Howe not taking Newcastle's rise for granted
Celtic growth in Europe heartens Rodgers
England to host Brazil and Belgium at Wembley
Sport England 'shakes up' funding to tackle inactivity
Three-game ban for Cane for World Cup final red card
Taylor stands by Eidevall 'bullying' comment
'Alonso masterclass burnishes the legend of one of the greatest'
Fernando Alonso produced another extraordinary performance to claim a thrilling third place in the Sao Paulo Grand Prix, writes Andrew Benson.
Andrew BensonChief F1 writer
Sao Paulo GP Mercedes' 'worst weekend in 13 years'
O'Regan completes full set with victory at Hereford
Guardiola wants Man City players to be 'angry'
Real miss chance to go top after Bellingham scare
Millwall name ex-Chelsea assistant Edwards as boss
Haas launch right of review over US GP result
Kane's record-breaking start at Bayern - but can he beat Lewandowski?
'Kohli the one-day king and king for one day'
'Consensus within F1 that sprint format needs to change - but how?'
'Trailblazer' Hayes hailed for 'extraordinary' impact
'We have to fight like dogs' - will Man Utd win be catalyst for change?
When politics derailed England's World Cup campaign
The story behind England's 2003 World Cup elimination, which was partly because of their decision not to play Zimbabwe in Harare.
The doctor who played at World Cups in two sports in same year
The 'little black book' behind every All Black
The 'little guy with skinny arms' who changed basketball
'Even if it's horrible pain, I love it' - the world's wildest trail race
The million-dollar hustle changing US sport
'Incapable' - the woman who raced a lie
Hayes is an 'icon of English football' - Onuoha. VideoHayes is an 'icon of English football' - Onuoha
Watch Wrexham's FA Cup heroics from last season. VideoWatch Wrexham's FA Cup heroics from last season
Ian Wright at 60: Stunning lob in FA Cup hat-trick. VideoIan Wright at 60: Stunning lob in FA Cup hat-trick
I'm confident I can turn it around - Ten Hag. VideoI'm confident I can turn it around - Ten Hag
'The secret's out' - Richards' admission over 2009 defeat. Video'The secret's out' - Richards' admission over 2009 defeat
Discover: The BBC's best sports podcasts. AudioDiscover: The BBC's best sports podcasts
Find the latest episode of your favourite podcast or discover something a little more different by visiting BBC Sounds' sport podcast listings page.
Monday Night Club: Spurs crumble, dazzling Doku & Houghton hails Hayes. AudioMonday Night Club: Spurs crumble, dazzling Doku & Houghton hails Hayes
5 Live Boxing: Cordina sweetens the pot in Monte Carlo. Audio5 Live Boxing: Cordina sweetens the pot in Monte Carlo
MOTD Africa Top 10: What is the best Afcon-winning team in history? AudioMOTD Africa Top 10: What is the best Afcon-winning team in history?
Chequered Flag podcast: Sao Paulo Grand Prix review. AudioChequered Flag podcast: Sao Paulo Grand Prix review
World Cup Daily: Birthday boy Kohli joins Sachin on 49 ODI centuries. AudioWorld Cup Daily: Birthday boy Kohli joins Sachin on 49 ODI centuries
Sporting highlights to look forward to in 2023
The 2023 sporting calendar features World Cups in women's football and men's rugby union as well as men's and women's Ashes cricket series and the Ryder Cup.
More from BBC News
Where and how to watch BBC World News
Premier League top stories
European football news
World Football podcasts
Find out more about our BBC Sport app
'Why am I here?' - Kenya's Obiri on family sacrifice
World Cup winner Snyman to have surgery 
The African hot on Kane's heels in the Bundesliga
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
YouTube
© 2023 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking. .
