World Cup: South Africa v Afghanistan - live text
Follow live text, in-play video clips and radio commentary as South Africa play Afghanistan in the Men's Cricket World Cup 2023.
Football latest & Premier League news conferences
Ratcliffe close to Man Utd minority stake agreement
Maddison withdraws from England squad with injury
Sutton's Premier League predictions v Blossoms & Suggs
Osaka returning to tennis six months after giving birth
'Chaotic' Liverpool anger Klopp in loss at Toulouse
'Can you fight in 17 days? Something crazy is happening'
Liverpool forward Diaz's father freed by Colombian guerrillas
West Ham beat Olympiakos to edge closer to knockouts
Antetokounmpo scores 54 but Bucks beaten by Pacers
Brighton boost qualification hopes with win at Ajax
How tiny Girona climbed to top of La Liga
BBC Sport explores how La Liga leaders Girona have - so far - managed to get the better of giants Barcelona and Real Madrid.
Premier League clubs chase Mbappe - Friday's gossip
Rangers edge out Sparta to bolster Europa hopes
Trophies the 'missing piece' for England captain Kane
Villa on cusp of knockouts with win over AZ
Taylor 'looking forward to revenge' against Cameron
'Wow, who organised this?' - Klopp on news conference noise. Video'Wow, who organised this?' - Klopp on news conference noise
Time for Eze? Nunez as captain? Fantasy football tips
Is Liverpool forward Darwin Nunez worth a risk as captain? Alistair Bruce-Ball previews gameweek 12.
Aberdeen eliminated from Europe after PAOK thriller
Fernandez sends Canada through to BJK Cup semis
Celtic seek milestone, can Motherwell stop slide?
Contrasting fortunes before Blackburn-Preston derby
Teenage Brighton striker Ferguson signs new contract
Brown tied with Ford in China semi-final
'My whole body was shaking' - Maxwell on record 201
Following his record-breaking double century to guide Australia into the World Cup semi-finals, Glenn Maxwell joins No Balls: The Cricket Podcast.
Wales' rugby exports head to New Zealand
Samoa turn down three-match tour of England in 2024
Eze signs new deal with Crystal Palace until 2027
Haas appeal to change US Grand Prix results rejected
Republic boss Kenny 'has no control' over future
Simeone signs new Atletico deal until 2027
When will Everton's off-field uncertainties be resolved?
Who needs what to reach Champions League knockouts?
Unbeaten since 2010 - is this English cricket's most successful side?
Female boss in men's game 'a matter of time' - Wiegman
Afghanistan's dazzling run captivates world cricket
'Don't mess with Claressa' - a fighter as hard as Flint
Claressa Shields grew up without support, protection or a bed to call her own. She has since scaled the heights to bring joy to Flint, a city that has become a byword for a broken American dream.
'Yes, you're good enough - but you're a girl'
When politics derailed England's World Cup campaign
The doctor who played at World Cups in two sports in same year
The 'little black book' behind every All Black
The 'little guy with skinny arms' who changed basketball
'Even if it's horrible pain, I love it' - the world's wildest trail race
Expect fireworks against Pavlovich - Aspinall. VideoExpect fireworks against Pavlovich - Aspinall
Are Wrexham heading to the Premier League? VideoAre Wrexham heading to the Premier League?
The door is 100% open for Sterling - Southgate. VideoThe door is 100% open for Sterling - Southgate
Rashford red card changed everything - Ten Hag. VideoRashford red card changed everything - Ten Hag
My tweets in 2011 don't reflect me as a person - Neville. VideoMy tweets in 2011 don't reflect me as a person - Neville
Discover: The BBC's best sports podcasts. AudioDiscover: The BBC's best sports podcasts
Find the latest episode of your favourite podcast or discover something a little more different by visiting BBC Sounds' sport podcast listings page.
72+ podcast: Manning On Up & Bradford’s Golden Graham. Audio72+ podcast: Manning On Up & Bradford’s Golden Graham
Football Daily: Euro Leagues - Zaire-Emery's potential & Milan earn first win. AudioFootball Daily: Euro Leagues - Zaire-Emery's potential & Milan earn first win
No Balls: The Cricket Podcast - Glenn Maxwell Special. AudioNo Balls: The Cricket Podcast - Glenn Maxwell Special
The Players Channel: Michail Antonio - Has VAR made refereeing worse? AudioThe Players Channel: Michail Antonio - Has VAR made refereeing worse?
Fantasy 606 podcast: Defenders, Doku & Digne. AudioFantasy 606 podcast: Defenders, Doku & Digne
Sporting highlights to look forward to in 2023
The 2023 sporting calendar features World Cups in women's football and men's rugby union as well as men's and women's Ashes cricket series and the Ryder Cup.
More from BBC News
Where and how to watch BBC World News
Premier League top stories
European football news
World Football podcasts
Find out more about our BBC Sport app
Springbok Wiese to 'give everything' for Tigers
Foster in specialist care for mental health issue
Caf recommits to beIN deal after cancellation
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
YouTube
© 2023 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking. ...
