Diaz grabs late and emotional Liverpool equaliser
Luis Diaz comes off the bench to salvage a point for Liverpool with a stoppage-time goal on his Premier League return at Luton.
'Kohli the one-day king and king for one day'
La Liga: Real Madrid v Rayo Vallecano
WSL: Brighton v Man Utd
Verstappen wins from Norris in Sao Paulo
Díaz begs father's ELN kidnappers to free him
Forest beat Villa after Martinez's costly mistake
Djokovic wins 40th Masters title in Paris
Tola wins New York Marathon in course record
Arsenal boss bullied official, says Man City manager
Kohli equals Tendulkar record as India thrash SA
Watch Wrexham's FA Cup heroics from last season. VideoWatch Wrexham's FA Cup heroics from last season
Kane's record-breaking start at Bayern - but can he beat Lewandowski?
Harry Kane has made a record-breaking start to life at Bayern Munich, becoming the first player to score 15 goals in his first 10 Bundesliga games.
'Trailblazer' Hayes hailed for 'extraordinary' impact
Rangers sweep aside Hearts to set up Aberdeen final
McCowan stunner gives Dundee win over Livingston
Arsenal end Man City's unbeaten start to WSL season
Arsenal call for PGMOL to 'urgently address' standards
Ian Wright at 60: Stunning lob in FA Cup hat-trick. VideoIan Wright at 60: Stunning lob in FA Cup hat-trick
'Arteta must face scrutiny for trying to fix something not broken'
Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta must face scrutiny for trying to fix something that was not broken, says chief football writer Phil McNulty.
'Consensus within F1 that sprint format needs to change - but how?'
Late penalty rescues point for Everton at Spurs
World champions England defeated by France
Man Utd offer Antony for Barbosa - Sunday's gossip
Hayes close to being named US women's manager
Hewett beats Fernandez to win singles Masters
'More misery heaped on prickly and subdued England'
England's swagger has gone over the past four weeks as Australia happily strike the final blow to their World Cup defence in Ahmedabad.
Bristol City beat West Ham for first WSL win this season
Blackburn beat Norwich to pile pressure on Wagner
Pegula thrashes Gauff to reach final at WTA Finals
Almeida earns dominant UFC win against Lewis
Kane hits hat-trick in big Bayern win at Dortmund
Newcastle condemn abuse of Guimaraes and Willock
Why departing Hayes' WSL legacy goes beyond trophies
Former Scotland boss Levein poised for St Johnstone
Sutton's Premier League predictions v singer Willie J Healey
'We have to fight like dogs' - will Man Utd win be catalyst for change?
Timbers fan group criticises 'sexist' Neville
When politics derailed England's World Cup campaign
The story behind England's 2003 World Cup elimination, which was partly because of their decision not to play Zimbabwe in Harare.
The doctor who played at World Cups in two sports in same year
The 'little black book' behind every All Black
The 'little guy with skinny arms' who changed basketball
'Even if it's horrible pain, I love it' - the world's wildest trail race
The million-dollar hustle changing US sport
'Incapable' - the woman who raced a lie
I'm confident I can turn it around - Ten Hag. VideoI'm confident I can turn it around - Ten Hag
'The secret's out' - Richards' admission over 2009 defeat. Video'The secret's out' - Richards' admission over 2009 defeat
I deserve to be able to say goodbye to Barcelona - Messi. VideoI deserve to be able to say goodbye to Barcelona - Messi
Villa's Lehmann reveals her secret talent in Unlocked. VideoVilla's Lehmann reveals her secret talent in Unlocked
Is Bellingham England's best ever talent? VideoIs Bellingham England's best ever talent?
Discover: The BBC's best sports podcasts. AudioDiscover: The BBC's best sports podcasts
Find the latest episode of your favourite podcast or discover something a little more different by visiting BBC Sounds' sport podcast listings page.
Football Daily podcast: Is Erik ten Hag 'out of touch' as Man Utd's struggles continue?
The Football News Show: Pochettino - friend or foe? VideoThe Football News Show: Pochettino - friend or foe?
World Cup Daily: Stokes to have surgery & can Afghanistan reach semis? AudioWorld Cup Daily: Stokes to have surgery & can Afghanistan reach semis?
72+ podcast: Hey Chansiri, Cifuentes live & a Lisbie love-in. Audio72+ podcast: Hey Chansiri, Cifuentes live & a Lisbie love-in
Football Daily: Euro Leagues - Lyon bus attack & Ballon d’Or debate. AudioFootball Daily: Euro Leagues - Lyon bus attack & Ballon d’Or debate
Sporting highlights to look forward to in 2023
The 2023 sporting calendar features World Cups in women's football and men's rugby union as well as men's and women's Ashes cricket series and the Ryder Cup.
More from BBC News
Where and how to watch BBC World News
Premier League top stories
European football news
World Football podcasts
Find out more about our BBC Sport app
Nigeria striker Osimhen can reach 'highest stage'
Debutants eye Women's African Champions League glory
Yaya Toure named Saudi Arabia assistant coach
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
YouTube
© 2023 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking. .
