World Cup: Malan hits rapid fifty as England start well against Dutch
Follow live text, in-play video clips and radio commentary as England play the Netherlands in the Men's Cricket World Cup 2023.
Champions League reaction: Man City reach last 16, Newcastle and Celtic lose
'I'd ask for his jersey myself' - Haaland firing Man City to history
Is Maxwell's 'miracle' the greatest men's ODI innings?
Social media abuse crossed line - World Cup final referee
Shakhtar Donetsk stun Barcelona in Hamburg
Woods has 'zero issues' with ankle after surgery
Pepe becomes oldest Champions League goalscorer
England 'unprofessional' over alleged racial slur
Dortmund dent Newcastle's qualification hopes
Former Spurs boss Nuno sacked by Al-Ittihad
'We have an athlete mums WhatsApp group'
'It's been a slow process' - Harris lands first ATP win aged 28
From sleeping in a van to injuring himself falling off a treadmill, Britain's Billy Harris finally lands his first ATP Tour-level win.
Atletico Madrid hit 10-man Celtic for six
Maguire ends Trump's 22-match winning run
Giroud header earns Milan crucial win over PSG
Thomas targets Tour de France and Paris Olympics
What's going on with the WSL's goalkeepers?
Barnes at 60: Watch his best FA Cup goals. VideoBarnes at 60: Watch his best FA Cup goals
Bournemouth's Kelly wanted by rivals - Wednesday's gossip
Bournemouth's Premier League rivals are interested in Lloyd Kelly, Man Utd's Antony not interested in Brazil return, plus more.
Sensational Maxwell leads Australia to semi-finals
Late arrival & no luggage - but Hunter wins at BJK Cup
Who needs what to reach Champions League knockouts?
Champions League 'important' in Sevilla return - Ramos
'Committed' Rashford returns to Man Utd squad
Semenya 'not ashamed of being different'
Four-hour Ukrainian match hit by air-raid delays
Ukrainian top-flight teams Dnipro-1 and FC Oleksandriya play out the longest match in the league's history, with the game ending four hours 36 minutes after kick-off due to multiple air-raid sirens.
It is my duty to defend Arsenal - Arteta
Rooney speaks of drink struggles in Burrow podcast
England should stick with Buttler and Mott - Broad
FA will not charge Garnacho over use of gorilla emojis
Dream team India looks unstoppable at World Cup
Coroner calls for mandatory neck guards after Johnson death
Rap battles & feeling the pressure - Theroux interviews Joshua
Can you name the Champions League players?
'Yes, you're good enough - but you're a girl'
'One of the most mind-boggling Premier League games ever'
'A true captain's performance' - Garth Crooks' Team of the Week
When politics derailed England's World Cup campaign
The story behind England's 2003 World Cup elimination, which was partly because of their decision not to play Zimbabwe in Harare.
The doctor who played at World Cups in two sports in same year
The 'little black book' behind every All Black
The 'little guy with skinny arms' who changed basketball
'Even if it's horrible pain, I love it' - the world's wildest trail race
The million-dollar hustle changing US sport
'Incapable' - the woman who raced a lie
I'm not ashamed to be different - Semenya. VideoI'm not ashamed to be different - Semenya
Managers will always try to bend rules - Postecoglou. VideoManagers will always try to bend rules - Postecoglou
Will Guardiola start to favour Doku over Grealish? VideoWill Guardiola start to favour Doku over Grealish?
Arteta rails against VAR after Newcastle loss. VideoArteta rails against VAR after Newcastle loss
Hayes is an 'icon of English football' - Onuoha. VideoHayes is an 'icon of English football' - Onuoha
Discover: The BBC's best sports podcasts. AudioDiscover: The BBC's best sports podcasts
Find the latest episode of your favourite podcast or discover something a little more different by visiting BBC Sounds' sport podcast listings page.
Football Daily podcast: Atletico thrash Celtic and Newcastle's hopes dented. AudioFootball Daily podcast: Atletico thrash Celtic and Newcastle's hopes dented
World Cup Daily: Was Maxwell's innings the greatest of all time? AudioWorld Cup Daily: Was Maxwell's innings the greatest of all time?
Rugby Union Weekly: Back on the sofa. AudioRugby Union Weekly: Back on the sofa
Sacked in the Morning - Jim White on Deadline Day
Monday Night Club: Spurs crumble, dazzling Doku & Houghton hails Hayes. AudioMonday Night Club: Spurs crumble, dazzling Doku & Houghton hails Hayes
5 Live Boxing: Cordina sweetens the pot in Monte Carlo. Audio5 Live Boxing: Cordina sweetens the pot in Monte Carlo
Sporting highlights to look forward to in 2023
The 2023 sporting calendar features World Cups in women's football and men's rugby union as well as men's and women's Ashes cricket series and the Ryder Cup.
More from BBC News
Where and how to watch BBC World News
Premier League top stories
European football news
World Football podcasts
Find out more about our BBC Sport app
Salah sets Gaza social media 'example' for sport
Strickland-Du Plessis among three new UFC title bouts
Jackson hits hat-trick as Chelsea win chaotic epic
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
YouTube
© 2023 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking. 
