EFL Cup: Quarter-final draw after Newcastle thrash Man Utd
Follow live score & text updates in the fourth round of the EFL Cup.
Watch Sportscene Scottish Premiership highlights & follow all the reaction
Arteta takes blame as Arsenal knocked out of EFL Cup
Nunez stunner sends Liverpool into quarter-finals
South Africa thrash New Zealand to close on semis
'Why should I have any regrets?' - Jones on Australia exit
Sterling on target as Chelsea reach EFL Cup quarter-finals
England treatment of retiring Willey 'disgraceful'
Bayern upset by third-tier Saarbrucken in German Cup
Sir Bobby Charlton died after fall, inquest hears
Harden joins Clippers from 76ers after strike
Sharp Djokovic wins on Paris return as Medvedev reacts to boos
Maxwell out of England match after golf buggy fall
Australia batter Glenn Maxwell will miss Saturday's World Cup match against England after falling off the back of a golf buggy and suffering a concussion.
FA writes to clubs after Choudhury's Israel-Gaza post
Celtic battle to win over stubborn St Mirren
Paredes denied 100th Spain cap by 'computer error'
Hoogland smashes long-standing men's kilo record
Zverev 'fined over allegations he abused ex-girlfriend'
I deserve to be able to say goodbye to Barcelona - Messi. VideoI deserve to be able to say goodbye to Barcelona - Messi
Texas on verge of World Series after beating Arizona
The Texas Rangers are one win away from their maiden World Series title after beating the Arizona Diamondbacks 11-7 to lead the best-of-seven series 3-1.
Spurs mount dramatic comeback to beat Suns
Wales progress must not paper over cracks - Jones
Brentford want £80m for Toney - Wednesday's gossip
England exposed as Olympics qualification in doubt
Pegula beats Sabalenka at WTA Finals to reach semis
Fan guilty of Rio Ferdinand racial abuse
Ajax forced to close part of stadium over crowd trouble
Ajax are fined and will have part of their ground closed for their Eredivisie match against Vitesse Arnhem after crowd trouble marred September's defeat to Feyenoord.
'Bazball' added to Collins online dictionary
Colombians march for release of Diaz's father
76ers' Embiid fined for making 'obscene gesture'
Chief technical officer Elliott leaves Mercedes
Woods and McIlroy golf league launches in January
Greenwood to return to Man City for medical checks
Jones, AJ, Wilder, Fury rematch - what next for Ngannou?
'Italy was in love - now Vicario is showing Spurs how good he is'
Why Saudi 2034 World Cup should not surprise anyone
'Buttler still the man to lead England through turbulent time'
Problems facing Ten Hag - and was Rangnick right about Man Utd?
The doctor who played at World Cups in two sports in same year
Meet Rudie van Vuuren, who in 2003 played in both the Rugby World Cup and Cricket World Cup.
The 'little black book' behind every All Black
The 'little guy with skinny arms' who changed basketball
'Even if it's horrible pain, I love it' - the world's wildest trail race
The million-dollar hustle changing US sport
'Incapable' - the woman who raced a lie
One win, 17,000 defeats - life as a Washington General
Villa's Lehmann reveals her secret talent in Unlocked. VideoVilla's Lehmann reveals her secret talent in Unlocked
Is Bellingham England's best ever talent? VideoIs Bellingham England's best ever talent?
'I will not cut my hair to become a manager' Video'I will not cut my hair to become a manager'
South Africa return home after winning World Cup. VideoSouth Africa return home after winning World Cup
Preparation was the most difficult I've had - Klopp. VideoPreparation was the most difficult I've had - Klopp
Discover: The BBC's best sports podcasts. AudioDiscover: The BBC's best sports podcasts
Find the latest episode of your favourite podcast or discover something a little more different by visiting BBC Sounds' sport podcast listings page.
The Players Channel: What's going on at Man Utd? AudioThe Players Channel: What's going on at Man Utd?
Football Daily podcast: Can Man Utd avoid cup exit? AudioFootball Daily podcast: Can Man Utd avoid cup exit?
Sacked in the Morning - Rene Meulensteen on working with Sir Alex
Chequered Flag podcast: Mexico City GP review. AudioChequered Flag podcast: Mexico City GP review
Rugby Union Daily: The World Cup debrief! AudioRugby Union Daily: The World Cup debrief!
Sporting highlights to look forward to in 2023
The 2023 sporting calendar features World Cups in women's football and men's rugby union as well as men's and women's Ashes cricket series and the Ryder Cup.
More from BBC News
Where and how to watch BBC World News
Premier League top stories
European football news
World Football podcasts
Find out more about our BBC Sport app
Gyan ordered to pay compensation to ex-wife
Springboks get heroes' welcome on return home
'This is for Africa' - crowds flock to see Boks return. Video'This is for Africa' - crowds flock to see Boks return
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
YouTube
© 2023 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking. ...
