Women's Nations League: Belgium equalise before interval against England
Follow live updates as England travel to Belgium for a crucial meeting in the Women's Nations League.
Scotland v Netherlands in Women's Nations League - live text
Watch: Maxwell equalises for Northern Ireland against Hungary, Republic beat Albania
Pakistan race to victory to eliminate Bangladesh
Woods and McIlroy golf league launches in January
Greenwood taken off on stretcher after head clash
'Italy was in love - now Vicario is showing Spurs how good he is'
Jones, AJ, Wilder, Fury rematch - what next for Ngannou?
Injury-hit Rangers reclaim World Series lead
Why Saudi 2034 World Cup should not surprise anyone
Gatland wants to see Farrell in Lions job for 2025
Monye says Jones' Australia resignation 'stinks'
Vinicius Jr extends Real contract
Brazil forward Vinicius Jr, who has won nine trophies with Real Madrid since joining in 2018, signs a new deal until 2027.
Chief technical officer Elliott leaves Mercedes
Pochettino urges Chelsea fans to 'believe'
Saudi Arabia set to host 2034 World Cup
Liverpool 'praying' for Diaz's father after kidnap
Jokic triple-double guides Nuggets to victory
I deserve to be able to say goodbye to Barcelona - Messi. VideoI deserve to be able to say goodbye to Barcelona - Messi
Remarkable Messi records that may never be broken
Argentina forward Lionel Messi, who is celebrating a record eighth Ballon d'Or, continues to set records in the twilight of his career.
Gauff sweeps past Jabeur at WTA Finals
Wales beaten despite improved display in Denmark
BBC Women's Footballer of the Year 2023: Fridolina Rolfö profile. VideoBBC Women's Footballer of the Year 2023: Fridolina Rolfö profile
Problems facing Ten Hag - and was Rangnick right about Man Utd?
Eto'o and Willian transfers probed by Premier League
England 'obsessed' with series clean sweep - Wane
'Buttler still the man to lead England through turbulent time'
Despite their disastrous World Cup campaign Jos Buttler is the right person to lead England through the turbulent time that will follow, says former bowler Steven Finn.
Real want permanent Kepa deal - Tuesday's gossip
South Africa rugby champions get heroes' welcome
'Fans want a sense of belonging' - why women's football must act now
Messi wins Men's Ballon d'Or for eighth time
Spain's Bonmati wins Women's Ballon d'Or for first time
Bellingham wins world's best young player award
Who makes Opta's team of the 2023 Rugby World Cup?
'Questions on Perez future as he fights Hamilton'
The greatest half in history? - 2023 World Cup's memorable moments
What needs to change at Man Utd after derby defeat?
BBC Women's Footballer of the Year - the contenders
The doctor who played at World Cups in two sports in same year
Meet Rudie van Vuuren, who in 2003 played in both the Rugby World Cup and Cricket World Cup.
The 'little black book' behind every All Black
The 'little guy with skinny arms' who changed basketball
'Even if it's horrible pain, I love it' - the world's wildest trail race
The million-dollar hustle changing US sport
'Incapable' - the woman who raced a lie
One win, 17,000 defeats - life as a Washington General
Is Bellingham England's best ever talent? VideoIs Bellingham England's best ever talent?
'I will not cut my hair to become a manager' Video'I will not cut my hair to become a manager'
South Africa return home after winning World Cup. VideoSouth Africa return home after winning World Cup
Preparation was the most difficult I've had - Klopp. VideoPreparation was the most difficult I've had - Klopp
'He'll be one of the greats' - Stam on Bellingham. Video'He'll be one of the greats' - Stam on Bellingham
Discover: The BBC's best sports podcasts. AudioDiscover: The BBC's best sports podcasts
Find the latest episode of your favourite podcast or discover something a little more different by visiting BBC Sounds' sport podcast listings page.
Football Daily podcast: MNC - Man Utd lack leadership & the ‘Arsenal family’ AudioFootball Daily podcast: MNC - Man Utd lack leadership & the ‘Arsenal family’
Chequered Flag podcast: Mexico City GP review. AudioChequered Flag podcast: Mexico City GP review
Rugby Union Daily: The World Cup debrief! AudioRugby Union Daily: The World Cup debrief!
Football Daily podcast: Man City give Man Utd a lesson in the derby. AudioFootball Daily podcast: Man City give Man Utd a lesson in the derby
World Cup Daily: More England disappointment as India remain unbeaten. AudioWorld Cup Daily: More England disappointment as India remain unbeaten
5 Live Boxing: Fury beats Ngannou - the debrief. Audio5 Live Boxing: Fury beats Ngannou - the debrief
Sporting highlights to look forward to in 2023
The 2023 sporting calendar features World Cups in women's football and men's rugby union as well as men's and women's Ashes cricket series and the Ryder Cup.
More from BBC News
Where and how to watch BBC World News
Premier League top stories
European football news
World Football podcasts
Find out more about our BBC Sport app
'This is for Africa' - crowds flock to see Boks return. Video'This is for Africa' - crowds flock to see Boks return
Public holiday in South Africa for World Cup win
Tuesday's gossip: Ghana's Partey to leave Arsenal?
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
YouTube
© 2023 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking. ...
