Premier League: Man City, Everton, West Ham and Palace lead
Follow live commentary, text & score updates as Fulham lose to Man Utd plus six other fixtures in the Premier League.
World Cup: England v Australia
Norris beats Verstappen to pole for sprint race
Men's international: England v Tonga. VideoMen's international: England v Tonga
Kilmarnock & Motherwell goalless in top-flight; Championship leaders Utd level
Wales v Barbarians
FA Cup first round: 33 matches - text updates
England beat New Zealand to win first WXV1 title
Pakistan beat NZ to keep semi-final hopes alive
Last-gasp Curry layup secures dramatic Warriors win
Championship: Rooney's Birmingham ahead at in-form Ipswich - text updates
Chelsea hit Villa for six as Hayes plans Blues exit
Fernandes scores late winner for Man Utd at Fulham
Bruno Fernandes scores a stoppage-time winner against Fulham to alleviate the pressure on Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag.
Injury rules India's Pandya out of World Cup
Chiefs & Dolphins set for 'electric' Germany clash
Neville set for management return - Saturday's gossip
Barbarians' Ratuniyarawa charged with sexual assault
Gauff and Swiatek reach last four of WTA Finals
Watch Wrexham's FA Cup heroics from last season. VideoWatch Wrexham's FA Cup heroics from last season
Djokovic beats Rune to reach semi-finals in Paris
Novak Djokovic continues his bid for a record-extending seventh Paris Masters title by beating Holger Rune to reach the semi-finals.
England's Packer named World Rugby player of year
Germany part company with boss Voss-Tecklenburg
Rashford birthday party 'unacceptable' - Ten Hag
Clinical England score 11 tries in Wales rout
Mainz end El Ghazi contract over Israel-Gaza post
Big Evs seals poignant Breeders' Cup triumph
Sutton's Premier League predictions v singer Willie J Healey
BBC Sport football expert Chris Sutton takes on singer-songwriter & Chelsea fan Willie J Healey in this weekend's Premier League predictions.
Klopp will let Diaz decide on availability
Some answers, many questions - Arsenal's tricky rebuild
Plea made to fans before Copa Libertadores final
'Dismal World Cup is Key's biggest challenge'
Inside Mead's 'gruelling' 11-month ACL recovery
Wembanyama stars with 38 points as Spurs beat Suns
Southgate's best man aiming for FA Cup upset
Title-chasing teams' quality unprecedented - Arteta
Jones, AJ, Wilder, Fury rematch - what next for Ngannou?
Women's football rising again in England's North East
All Blacks captain Cane to play season in Japan
When politics derailed England's World Cup campaign
The story behind England's 2003 World Cup elimination, which was partly because of their decision not to play Zimbabwe in Harare.
The doctor who played at World Cups in two sports in same year
The 'little black book' behind every All Black
The 'little guy with skinny arms' who changed basketball
'Even if it's horrible pain, I love it' - the world's wildest trail race
The million-dollar hustle changing US sport
'Incapable' - the woman who raced a lie
Ian Wright at 60: Stunning lob in FA Cup hat-trick. VideoIan Wright at 60: Stunning lob in FA Cup hat-trick
I'm confident I can turn it around - Ten Hag. VideoI'm confident I can turn it around - Ten Hag
'The secret's out' - Richards' admission over 2009 defeat. Video'The secret's out' - Richards' admission over 2009 defeat
I deserve to be able to say goodbye to Barcelona - Messi. VideoI deserve to be able to say goodbye to Barcelona - Messi
Villa's Lehmann reveals her secret talent in Unlocked. VideoVilla's Lehmann reveals her secret talent in Unlocked
Discover: The BBC's best sports podcasts. AudioDiscover: The BBC's best sports podcasts
Find the latest episode of your favourite podcast or discover something a little more different by visiting BBC Sounds' sport podcast listings page.
Football Daily podcast: Is Erik ten Hag 'out of touch' as Man Utd's struggles continue?
The Football News Show: Pochettino - friend or foe? VideoThe Football News Show: Pochettino - friend or foe?
World Cup Daily: Stokes to have surgery & can Afghanistan reach semis? AudioWorld Cup Daily: Stokes to have surgery & can Afghanistan reach semis?
72+ podcast: Hey Chansiri, Cifuentes live & a Lisbie love-in. Audio72+ podcast: Hey Chansiri, Cifuentes live & a Lisbie love-in
Football Daily: Euro Leagues - Lyon bus attack & Ballon d’Or debate. AudioFootball Daily: Euro Leagues - Lyon bus attack & Ballon d’Or debate
Sporting highlights to look forward to in 2023
The 2023 sporting calendar features World Cups in women's football and men's rugby union as well as men's and women's Ashes cricket series and the Ryder Cup.
More from BBC News
Where and how to watch BBC World News
Premier League top stories
European football news
World Football podcasts
Find out more about our BBC Sport app
Nigeria striker Osimhen can reach 'highest stage'
Debutants eye Women's African Champions League glory
Yaya Toure named Saudi Arabia assistant coach
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
YouTube
© 2023 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking. ..
